Skills auth regenerate dotnet (#301)
microsoft/agent-skills: .github/plugins/azure-sdk-dotnet/skills/azure-ai-document-intelligence-dotnet/SKILL.md

## Environment Variables

```bash
DOCUMENT_INTELLIGENCE_ENDPOINT=https://<resource-name>.cognitiveservices.azure.com/  # Required: Document Intelligence endpoint
DOCUMENT_INTELLIGENCE_API_KEY=<your-api-key>  # Only required for AzureKeyCredential auth
BLOB_CONTAINER_SAS_URL=https://<storage>.blob.core.windows.net/<container>?<sas-token>  # Optional: blob container SAS URL for training data

> AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS=prod  # Required only if DefaultAzureCredential is used in production

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
AZURE_TOKEN_CREDENTIALS=prod  # Required when using DefaultAzureCredential in production (restricts to deployed-service credentials only)
```

Author: I think this is implied here, since we also expand it in every code snippet
